Document some desktop app things (#9011)
vector-im/riot-web: README.md

nativefier https://riot.im/app/
```

Desktop app configuration
=========================

To run multiple instances of the desktop app for different accounts, you can launch the executable with the `--profile` argument followed by a unique identifier, e.g `riot-web --profile Work` for it to run a separate profile and not interfere with the default one.

To change the config.json for the desktop app, create a config file which will be used to override values in the config which ships in the package:
+ `%APPDATA%\$NAME\config.json` on Windows
+ `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME\$NAME\config.json` or `~/.config/$NAME/config.json` on Linux
+ `~Library/Application Support/$NAME/config.json` on macOS

> Where `$NAME` is typically Riot, unless you use `--profile $PROFILE` then its `Riot-$PROFILE`.

Reviewer: Nit: This capital "W" in "Where" feels a bit strange, since it's a sentence fragment. Maybe change to a whole sentence, like:

```suggestion
In the paths above, `$NAME` is typically `Riot`, unless you use `--profile $PROFILE` in which case it becomes `Riot-$PROFILE`.
```
